It will be dark in a few hours.
Ladies' seven-day period is coming soon
I've got eyes on the old town over there
I haven't seen any movement
Don't worry, maybe the good news is already on the way.
Mr. Wang has gone to the old city for news
What's going on?
Jiangcheng approval is down
A leader from above came to the provincial city
Directly finalized a big project
The government will invest a lot of financial and material resources
Create a pearl of Jiangcheng
before
There is no news that the leader is coming to Jiangcheng.
What's going on?
miyi
You don't really have the ability to predict, do you?
How can there be any ability to predict?
Just God's mercy
Gave me once
Just a chance to atone for your sins
It's amazing.
It was incredible.
willing to admit defeat
Miss Huang
You can't go back on that land.
Can work with you
It's too late for our royal joy
Xiaoyi
That's great news.
The little bone marrow training was a success
Really?
Hey, great.
I'm going to the hospital now.
Miss Huang is in a hurry, don't worry in advance
Wait for my message.
Can I help you at the hospital?
Feel free to contact me
Wait for me for three years.
Hey, such an excellent man
It's a pity that the famous grass has an owner